Feature/api 8430 improvements (#897)
livechat/livechat-public-docs: content/management/configuration-api/index.mdx

### Create Bot

> Creates a new Bot. If the bot should be available for getting chats or receiving webhooks, use [`set_routing_status`](/messaging/agent-chat-api/#set-routing-status) method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creates a new bot. To make the bot available for receiving chats or webhooks, use the [Set Routing Status](/messaging/agent-chat-api/#set-routing-status) method.
```

| `work_scheduler`                     | No       | `object`   | Work scheduler options to set for the new Bot.                                                                         |
| `work_scheduler.**.<work_scheduler>` | No       | `object`   | `<work_scheduler>` values __***__.                                                                                     |
| `timezone`                           | Yes      | `string`   | The time zone in which the Bot's work scheduler should operate. Required only if `work_scheduler` is provided.         |

> | `owner_client_id` __*****__          | Yes      | `string`   | Required when authorizing via [PATs](/authorization/authorizing-api-calls/#personal-access-tokens); rejected otherwise. |

Reviewer: The same suggestions as for Enable License Webhooks.

### Register Webhook

> Registers a webhook for the Client ID (application) provided in the request. To activate the license webhooks, you can [enable](#enable-license-webhooks) registered webhooks for a given license. To activate the bot webhooks, you need to [create a bot](#create-bot) and then use [`set_routing_status`](/messaging/agent-chat-api/#set-routing-status) method. One Client ID can register up to three webhooks for every `action`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Registers a webhook for the Client ID (application) provided in the request. To activate the license webhooks, you can [enable](#enable-license-webhooks) registered webhooks for a given license. To activate the bot webhooks, you need to [create a bot](#create-bot), and then, use [`set_routing_status`](/messaging/agent-chat-api/#set-routing-status) method. One Client ID can register up to three webhooks for every `action`.
```

Reviewer: We could link here the blog post once it's published

| Parameter         | Required | Data type | Notes                                                                                                                  |
| ----------------- | -------- | --------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `owner_client_id` | Yes      | `string`  | Required when authorizing via [PATs](/authorization/authorizing-api-calls/#personal-access-tokens); rejected otherwise. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `owner_client_id` | Yes      | `string`  | Required only when authorizing via [PATs](/authorization/authorizing-api-calls/#personal-access-tokens). The request will be rejected if you provide `owner_client_id` when authorizing with a Bearer Token. |
```

Reviewer: "rejected otherwise" was grammatically referring to `owner_client_id`, but it's the **request** that will be rejected, not the param.

I also extended the description because I thought this part with "Otherwise" was not specific enough.

| Parameter         | Required | Data type | Notes                                                                                                                  |
| ----------------- | -------- | --------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `owner_client_id` | Yes      | `string`  | Required when authorizing via [PATs](/authorization/authorizing-api-calls/#personal-access-tokens); rejected otherwise. |

Reviewer: The same suggestions as for Enable License Webhooks.

| Parameter         | Required | Data type | Notes                                                                                                                  |
| ----------------- | -------- | --------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `owner_client_id` | Yes      | `string`  | Required when authorizing via [PATs](/authorization/authorizing-api-calls/#personal-access-tokens); rejected otherwise. |

Reviewer: The same suggestions as for Enable License Webhooks.
